# Things
Just some things that I've built.

### Animated Page Transitions in Next.js
https://codesandbox.io/s/animated-page-transitions-in-nextjs-yb71o5

### CSS Animated Icons
https://codesandbox.io/s/animated-icons-7sqbx3

### Typing Text React Hook
https://codesandbox.io/s/typing-text-react-hook-ndrvmo

### React Heatmap Chart
https://codesandbox.io/s/react-heatmap-chart-component-kjrqpj

### React Hook For Click Animations
https://codesandbox.io/s/click-animation-effect-hook-yiigz

### Story Layout UI
https://codesandbox.io/s/story-layout-react-kphb4

### Color Palette Component
https://codesandbox.io/s/color-palette-react-ythuq

### React Segmented Control Component
https://codesandbox.io/s/react-segmented-control-krgq5

### React Drawer Component with Portals
https://codesandbox.io/s/drawer-component-react-hooks-sg357

### 3D Hover Effect
https://codesandbox.io/s/3d-hover-effect-hqy6h

### Image Comparison Slider
https://codesandbox.io/s/react-image-comparison-evpeu

### Framer Motion Complex Animations
https://codesandbox.io/s/framer-motion-complex-animation-i7ylq

### Bitcoin Price Tracker
https://codesandbox.io/s/btc-price-tracker-e593h

### Animated Counter Button
https://codesandbox.io/s/animated-counter-button-r38hm

### Audio Player Using React Hooks
https://codesandbox.io/s/react-audio-player-demo-zwhoc

### Animated Tabs With Framer Motion
https://codesandbox.io/s/framer-motion-animated-tabs-jkckb

### Dark Mode Theme Toggle Animation
https://codesandbox.io/s/dark-mode-theme-toggle-quz8j

### Medium-Style Expandable Comment Box
https://codesandbox.io/s/expandable-comment-box-fwo1b

### A Vertical Carousel Component
https://codesandbox.io/s/vertical-carousel-component-f8yt5

### Recreating the iOS Control Center in CSS Grid
https://codesandbox.io/s/control-center-xnl03

### Recreating the Medium Applause Button
https://codesandbox.io/s/applause-button-pk4nz

### A Card Carousel Component
https://codesandbox.io/s/react-card-carousel-d4h19

### Progress Indicator
https://codesandbox.io/s/progress-indicator-1-fl6l1

### Progress Indicator 2
https://codesandbox.io/s/progress-indicator-2-d45ty

### Dropdown Menu
https://codesandbox.io/s/dropdown-menu-jzldk

### Skeleton Loading Placeholder
https://codesandbox.io/s/skeleton-placeholder-0y8od
